activities-examples/README.md, before:

# Activities Examples

This sample shows use cases for Activities:

- [`makeHTTPRequest`](./src/activities/index.ts): Make an external HTTP request in an Activity (using `axios`)
- [`cancellableFetch`](./src/activities/cancellable-fetch.ts): Make a cancellable HTTP request with [cancellationSignal](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/activity.context/#cancellationsignal).

More Activity samples are [listed here](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/#activity-apis-and-design-patterns).

### Testing

- Mocha: `npm test` and `npm run test.watch` run these tests: [`src/mocha/workflows.test.ts`](./src/mocha/workflows.test.ts)
- Jest: `npm run jest` runs tests outside the `mocha/` directory:
  - [`src/workflows.test.ts`](./src/workflows.test.ts)
  - [`src/activities/make-http-request.test.ts`](./src/activities/make-http-request.test.ts)

### Running this sample

1. Make sure Temporal Server is running locally (see the [quick install guide](https://docs.temporal.io/server/quick-install/)).
2. `npm install` to install dependencies.
3. `npm run start.watch` to start the Worker.
4. In another shell, `npm run workflow` to run the Workflow.

The Workflow should make an HTTP request to [httpbin.org](https://httpbin.org/) and then return:

```
The answer is 42
```

Commit message:

Add snippets for dev guide (#191)
* Add async activity completion

* Add snippets sample

* Add snippets sample

* Add snippets for dev guide

activities-examples/README.md, after:

# Activities Examples

This sample shows use cases for Activities:

- [`makeHTTPRequest`](./src/activities/index.ts): Make an external HTTP request in an Activity (using `axios`).
- [`cancellableFetch`](./src/activities/cancellable-fetch.ts): Make a cancellable HTTP request with [cancellationSignal](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/activity.context/#cancellationsignal).
- [`doSomethingAsync`](./src/activities/async-completion.ts): Complete an Activity async with [`AsyncCompletionClient`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/client.AsyncCompletionClient#complete).

More Activity samples are [listed here](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/#activity-apis-and-design-patterns).

### Testing

- Mocha: `npm test` and `npm run test.watch` run these tests: [`src/mocha/workflows.test.ts`](./src/mocha/workflows.test.ts)
- Jest: `npm run jest` runs tests outside the `mocha/` directory:
  - [`src/workflows.test.ts`](./src/workflows.test.ts)
  - [`src/activities/make-http-request.test.ts`](./src/activities/make-http-request.test.ts)

### Running this sample

1. Make sure Temporal Server is running locally (see the [quick install guide](https://docs.temporal.io/server/quick-install/)).
2. `npm install` to install dependencies.
3. `npm run start.watch` to start the Worker.
4. In another shell, `npm run workflow` to run the Workflow.

The Workflow should make an HTTP request to [httpbin.org](https://httpbin.org/) and then return:

```
The answer is 42
```
