worker-specific-task-queues/README.md, before:

# Worker-Specific Task Queues

Use a unique Task Queue for each Worker in order to have certain Activities run on a specific Worker.

The strategy is:

- Create a `getUniqueTaskQueue` Activity that generates a unique Task Queue name, `uniqueWorkerTaskQueue`.
- It doesn't matter where this Activity is run, so it can be on any Worker on a shared Task Queue.
- In this demo, `uniqueWorkerTaskQueue` is simply a `uuid` initialized in the Worker, but you can inject smart logic here to uniquely identify the Worker, [as Netflix did](https://community.temporal.io/t/using-dynamic-task-queues-for-traffic-routing/3045).
- For Activities that need to run on the same Worker, run them on `uniqueWorkerTaskQueue`, and have only a single Worker listening on `uniqueWorkerTaskQueue`.
- Execute Workflows from the Client like normal.

Activities have been artificially slowed with `activity.Context().sleep(3000)` to simulate slow activities.

### Running this sample

1. `temporal server start-dev` to start [Temporal Server](https://github.com/temporalio/cli/#installation).
1. `npm install` to install dependencies.
1. `npm run start.watch` to start the Worker.
1. In another shell, `npm run workflow` to run the Workflow.

Example output:

```bash
Downloading https://temporal.io and saving to /tmp/b15036de-dbc7-4bc9-b2c7-7c48635c5797

Did some work on /tmp/b15036de-dbc7-4bc9-b2c7-7c48635c5797, checksum: b3fc767460efa514753a75e6f3d7af97

Removing /tmp/b15036de-dbc7-4bc9-b2c7-7c48635c5797
```

<details>
<summary>Example history in Temporal Web</summary>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6764957/137707555-967503fd-d0d5-4b57-a04e-48d297ab7dfb.png)

</details>

### Things to try

You can try to intentionally crash Workers while they are doing work to see what happens when work gets "stuck" in a unique queue: currently the Workflow will `scheduleToCloseTimeout` without a Worker, and retry when a Worker comes back online.

<details>
<summary>Workflow history with crash</summary>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6764957/137708492-41611a1f-3093-4221-800c-017c0a9d88b2.png)

</details>

After the 5th attempt, it logs `Final attempt 5 failed, giving up` and exits. But you may wish to implement compensatory logic, including notifying you.

Commit message:

Update explanation of worker-specific task queues

worker-specific-task-queues/README.md, after:

# Worker-Specific Task Queues

Use a unique Task Queue for each Worker in order to have certain Activities run on a specific Worker. 

This is useful in scenarios where multiple Activities need to run in the same process or on the same host, for example to share memory or disk. This sample has a file processing Workflow, where one Activity downloads the file to disk and other Activities process it and clean it up.

The strategy is:

- Each Worker process creates two `Worker` instances:
  - One instance listens on the `normal-task-queue` Task Queue.
  - Another instance listens on a uniquely generated Task Queue (in this case, `uuid` is used, but you can inject smart logic here to uniquely identify the Worker, [as Netflix did](https://community.temporal.io/t/using-dynamic-task-queues-for-traffic-routing/3045)).
- The Workflow and the first Activity are run on `normal-task-queue`.
- The first Activity returns one of the uniquely generated Task Queues (that only one Worker is listening on—i.e. the **Worker-specific Task Queue**).
- The rest of the Activities do the file processing and are run on the Worker-specific Task Queue.

Activities have been artificially slowed with `activity.Context().sleep(3000)` to simulate doing more work.

### Running this sample

1. `temporal server start-dev` to start [Temporal Server](https://github.com/temporalio/cli/#installation).
1. `npm install` to install dependencies.
1. `npm run start.watch` to start the Worker.
1. In another shell, `npm run workflow` to run the Workflow.

Example output:

```bash
Downloading https://temporal.io and saving to /tmp/b15036de-dbc7-4bc9-b2c7-7c48635c5797

Did some work on /tmp/b15036de-dbc7-4bc9-b2c7-7c48635c5797, checksum: b3fc767460efa514753a75e6f3d7af97

Removing /tmp/b15036de-dbc7-4bc9-b2c7-7c48635c5797
```

<details>
<summary>Example history in Temporal Web</summary>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6764957/137707555-967503fd-d0d5-4b57-a04e-48d297ab7dfb.png)

</details>

### Things to try

You can try to intentionally crash Workers while they are doing work to see what happens when work gets "stuck" in a unique queue: currently the Workflow will `scheduleToCloseTimeout` without a Worker, and retry when a Worker comes back online.

<details>
<summary>Workflow history with crash</summary>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6764957/137708492-41611a1f-3093-4221-800c-017c0a9d88b2.png)

</details>

After the 5th attempt, it logs `Final attempt 5 failed, giving up` and exits. But you may wish to implement compensatory logic, including notifying you.
